New Position Listing:
Leadership - Misha / Yana
Finance - Betul / Leon /Yash (tentative as of Chris stepping down)
Event Planning - Eileen / Nursulu
Administration - Leon / Matijas
Flex - Misha / ___



30.01
- Leon and Tim will get the parking spots for campus
- Winter Party tentatively set for 16.02, poll in group chat
- - Poll also put into Whatsapp for Students 
- Aemelie would like to work on the website, needs to talk to David as old website credentials are lost to everyone.




05.02
- Discussion of Qualis Evaluation Forms and their importance for students to do. What you should know:
- - If there are issues where it was not anonymous or you are being mistreated afterwards to let AStA or 
the department manager know this (Tobias/Stefan).
- - If you would like to change your Qualis form after the fact, please contact our AStA representative,
David, via fachschaften@asta.uni-saarland.de

- Nursulu and Leon take the final positions for Finance and Event Planning for the time being. 
- - Yash will eventually take on Finance as well, final Flex position is still open.

- Student Winter Party is still on for 16.02, no opposing views with 9 votes for it
- - Chris will take care of the AStA finance forms and will CC relevant new students for them to learn how
to do it as well
- - Nobody from the new Event Planning need to worry about planning for this party, Chris will cover it still

- Leon asked about LST Instagram, will speak to Diana about setting it up again legally but there were two issues with it
- - First issue is liability of what is posted, we have to ask permission from everyone who we post about
- - Second issue is liability of the poster, we have to ask for approval of Diana to allow us to have group liability 
or what that entails for us

- Eileen asked to setup something like what Stefan does for LST/Coli w.r.t. meeting for class info but for Tobias
and their respective classes
- - Chris will email Stefan and CC tobias and relevant students regarding this to see what the process would entail

