# Meeting

Attendance: YV, MS, CH, EB, LJ, TL, AR

# Topics

## Eurovision
- Thanks to __Jack__ for organizing and running it!
- went well, just some mess with decorations at the cleanup, but we need more people from SC to help!

## SC Rooms
- TaCoS stuff in the A2.2 and C7.3 rooms for this week, maybe pause cleanup for a bit
- Thanks to __Eileen__ for taking care of A2.2 SC room cleanup: removing diplomas and washing the dishes!
- Do not email Diana about booking rooms, only email Amira!

## TaCoS
It is happening! Everybody! It is happening!
- Need more helpers for TaCoS! 
- Only in person

## SC Onboarding Documentation
- TBD by __Chris__, joined by __Lucas__ in these efforts
- Done end of May tentatively

## Culture Exchange
- Everybody brings their own stuff - so potluck event
- Maybe get Friends of LST help on it

## Summer Party
- Get stuff from AStA for the summer party on Thursday/Friday and return it clean Monday/Tuesday - need 4 people
- Get Schwenker from CS student council
- __Yana__ and __Misha__ will have to put money forward and get reimbursed by AStA

## Other
- Thanks to __LÃ©on__ for getting beers!
- Think of sponsorship from companies
- Set up meeting with Stefan & Diana - __Misha__ will email
