# Meeting
Attendance: YV, MS, AS, LL

# Topics

## Erasmus Complaint
- complaint was filed
- meeting will happen next week to address the concerns

## Collaboration 
- __Misha__ responded to the person who requested to the collaboration

## Website 
- no progress for now, but __Amelie__ is handling it
- are people okay with their candidacy photos being uploaded there?
- some copywriting for website content is needed

## Department Meeting
- meeting on 11th of July
- establish another date for the day

## Summer Party
- got a Schwenker, but need to transport it
- take tables/benches from AStA next week
- do food shopping on Thursday for veggies/fruits
- funds have not yet been approved by AStA
- __Misha__ and __Yana__ will clean up C7.3 SC room before the event