Attended: YW, MS, YS, BB, LJ, EB, MT
## Open Mic
Went well! Make sure to look at the checklist when closing.
## TdOT
Quite a few people interested in the Master's. Should send Master's students.
## A2.2 room
- There are in Diana's office in A2.2 now. She is working them out.
Eileen will email Tobias about some documents.
- Printer: still haven't figured out.
## Erasmus office
- There is a chat. Filed an official complaint to Dr. Wurm. Hopefully, will cooperate with her soon to reach the International Office.
## Faculty meeting
- Dicussed TdOT: Amira's expectations of the booth was not good. Booths shouldn't be separated but together. Some leaflets are old, from 2011 and 2014.
- Construction site: Seminar room at C7.2 furniture will be renewed. Will be there at least until the end of the year. Next semester, lectures will be in the A2.2. Events won't probably be possible either.
- Website: **Amelie** will work on it. Should do something with the old link.
## Write back to guy
- Misha will do that today.
## T-shirts
- Chemistry SC did that. There was an issue with the colors. Seems relatively legit. Let's respond?
- Eileen will communicate with them. Yana will create a poll on whether we create T-shirts.
## SC Instagram
- Maybe someone wants to do Insta? Yana will text to telegram again.
- Imprint!
## Emails respond
- Have one person responsible for responding to emails + forwarding info.
## Summer party
- Werner Saurer's schwenker doesn't have some parts. We should check for that.
- Leon might have a schwenker to give.
- Misha will make a poster.
- Yana will make the announcement.
- Clear out the pfand and TaCoS remains before the Summer Party.
# Misc
- Diana wants us to include/address staff more explicitly.
