# Meeting

Attendance: YV, MS, JW, EB, LJ, BB

# Topics

## Welcome Party
- about 40 people
- almost out of beer! Next party: _Stock up on beers!_ __Leon__ can buy more: bring three crates!
- Tried making cocktails: __Yana__. Bearable financial loss.
- Broke fridge plug. Get some electrical tape.
- Dance floor should be opened earlier.

## Game Night!
- Went relatively well.
- Miscommunication: We can't fund small events! Why?
 - We have 500€ from AStA yearly. And they take super long to approve funds.
 - With AStA we can only buy non-alcoholic drinks and food that is not as dangerous (i.e. no meat)
 - Donations: okay to use.
- Make sure receipts only have what we can reimburse!
- Bring Pfand bottles/money back to SC

## TaCoS
- Will use: A2.2 room, laptop, cords
- Need helpers!

## Eurovision Watchalong!
- May 11th, 20:00.
- Have a punch bowl with the almost expired juices. (__Jack__ will pay for the liquor)
- Bring food representing your country.
- Had computer playing livestream.
- Decorations: flags, lights.
- We need access to the building on the Saturday (__Yana__).
- Time: start at 8pm (because stream starts at 9pm). _Warn people that it runs late!_
- Have people vote for countries beforehand and whoever gets closest wins!

## Movie night
- 24th May, 19:00
- Potluck-ish. 1.12.

## Open Mic
- 7th June, 19:00
- __Misha__ will make announcement soon (Monday 2nd week of May).

## Summer party
- 28th June.
- Two weeks in advance we check the weather.
- Get Schwenker and benches from AStA.

## Keys and using rooms
- We had to clean the room! So _don't leave any open foods_ in the SC room!
- _Don't store large personal items_. We're not liable.
- Need the room? _Reserve it_!

## The A2.2 room
- __Eileen__ is in charge of cleaning the room.
- Talk to Amira and Diana about the stuff in the room, whether it's okay to throw out.

# SC conference
- Integration of Deutschlandticket in the UdS card
- European IDs to make it easier to transfer
- Next meeting: beginning of June.
