# Meeting

Attendance: YV, MS, TL, RB, CH, LJ

# Topics

## Misc
- Tyler isn’t at the gym finally
- Pfand for glass, plastic, etc., returned for 22,89 euros, which were placed in the cockroach room

## Summer Party
- Benches and tables requested (from David) for summer party
- This should be fine since we asked in advance
- Schwenker is an open question

## Chats
- new chat created for incoming LST Master’s students 
- chats (which Chris are in charge of) will be moved

## Eurovision tomorrow
- Jack has access card and key for the seminar room from the lockbox
- Yana will get the card back and return the key to Amira
- Jack is bringing his laptop for Eurovision

## FSR email
- We need to decide what we need to respond to and when
- This will help us get back for Diana, etc.
- Unless there are objections, we’ll rotate who is responding to emails

## Tacos
- helpers needed; help from FSR members would be good
- Student Council A2.2 room will be used for Tacos storage
- laptop and speaker from Student Council room given to Bri to test for Tacos

## Open mic night
- people will say what they will perform via a Google Form
- microphones must be rented
- laptop from FSR room, we have the password now, but Chris alleges he could have hacked it

## Handicap accessibility 
- C7.3 will no longer be made handicap accessible
therefore, there won’t be any construction in the building for the time being

## Beer?
- Léon bought beer

##Open questions
- Cultural exchange (by Eileen) 
- When are we cleaning the A2.2 student council room?