# Meeting

Attendance: YV, LJ, YR, CD, LL, MS, BR, JW

# Topics

- Misha and Yana are being CC'd on stuff with Diana and David
## Winter Party:

- Spreadsheet with what food people will bring
- Shifts

- New Members should be added to the \[FS\] mailing list

## New rules to signing up for exams

- Lectures will be more strict
- Seminars and Software projects more flexible since it's not

## Accesibility

- Construction work in the elevator
- Diana will iron out details

## "A" building SC room

- Give Eileen and Leon keys for the room
- Microwave

## Winter Party Funding

- Shopping: Chris

## Guides and Uploading stuff on Github

- Yana has guides she accessed
- Lucas will add everyone to the github org
- Push ppl to centralize those guides



