# Meeting
Attendance: YV, MS, AS, CH, EB, LF

# Topics

## Faculty Meeting
- !next week, 4PM, 5.06 with Diana and Tobias!

## Emailing
- __Yana__ sent all the emails she had to send
- __Misha__ will respond to the person who asked about the collaboration on university wiki

## Funds
- __Yana__ and __Misha__ will talk about putting money forward for the summer party

## Website
- __Amelie__ is working on it and collaborating with Diana and Amira on it
- __Chris__ or __Lucas__ will ask Umer about regarding his previous website work
- investigate about Impressum, also for Instagram page

## Movie Night
- got about 10-12 people attending
- went well

## Open Mic
- probably contact people who performed last year
- put up posters for it

## CoLi Bachelor Study Regulation
- pushing for EML to be removed from the mandatory courses
- give more feedback on LangSci update
- update will take in WiSe 2025/26, monitor further

## TdOT
- 5 helpers signed up
- __Amelie__ got tips from Marc about how it went last years

## Other
- try to figure out how to make both printers work, __Chris__ can check that 
- will fix the fridge's plug with __Chris's__ electrical tape
- get rid of the diplomas - __Eileen__ will do it next week