# Meeting
Attendance: YV, LF, MS, MT, LJ, BB, TL, CH, AS

# Topics

## Summer Party
- ask Amira for the key from the library to store the tables benches - __Yana__ will do it
- need 4 people on Thursday (27.06) to bring table from AStA, and bring them back on Monday (30.06)
- need to email SC council about Schwenker - __Yana__ will do it
- summer party would probably need 6-7 crates of beer

## Department Matters
- email Thater regarding receiving credit - __Misha__ will do it
- joint meeting with the faculty
- Diana doesn't work on Fridays, Wednesday doesn't work for Thater, but for now it would be set for Wednesdays once a month (next meeting preliminary - June 5th), __Misha__ will continue communicating about that

## TdOT
- more people have been recruited, case solved, thanks to __Amelie__ for figuring it out

## Cultural Exchange
- idea in the backlog for now, if we come back to it, will fix the date

## Other
- finalize all event ideas for June by June 5th
- email Amira regarding room booking for SC meeting - __Yana__ will do it
- need help getting pfand money from TaCoS conf in the next 2 weeks - __LÃ©on__ is willing to help
- protocols will stay open-source
- __Amelie__ starts work on the website
- request funds for Open Mic and Summer Party - __Chris__ will put some money forward, but ideally it would be __Yana__ & __Misha__; put request next week for Open Mic, a bit later for Summer Party