
**Title:** FSR Meeting
**type:** protocol
**Date:** 2023.05.03.
**Location:** C7.4 1.12 
**Anwesend:** ma, db, ab, lf, ch, mj, rk, nm, jw, guest bachelor’s student
**Abwesend:** ya, ak, bp, er
**Time:** 18:00
**Author:** ab
**Tagesordnung:** FSR Meeting

# FSR Meeting

## Selling T-Shirts

- students asking for t-shirts
- selling cannot be under the jurisdiction of the student council
- an individual could collect money and purchase t-shirts
- issue of copyrighted/trademarked logos
- can have t-shirt design contest, vote amongst SC members
- option I: when finalize design, can go to AStA and ask for their help communicating with uni for if we can use the owl legally. If they reject: we’ll use something else.
- option II: not use logos
- option III: individuals outside of the council organize as they wish
- decide on design and order by end of May

## T-Shirt Design Contest

- announce this week or next, submit by May 19th (?)
- SC can organize design submission, competition
- ch: will contact specific students first, then all

## Closet Key

- vote on whether to keep the locker in Telegram

## Voting on Decisions

- during meetings
- if absent in meeting, read protocol from GitHub

## Replying to Faculty Emails

- need system
- should reply right away: ‘we saw your email, we will discuss in a meeting’ or reply if you know
- create Telegram mail chat: screenshot emails, discuss in chat
- see if chat works, if not: have dedicated people
- rk: will create chat

## Microphone

- Jochen Pätzold says: colleague will check in A22 for microphone, wait for reply to see options
- ch: recommends stay in C building
- db: we have 3 usb microphones
- db bring them to one of the next events to test them

## Engage Language Science Students ?

- have an event in A22? 
- hang event posters in A22, yes

## Introduce Student Council to Students

- in emails, explicitly state departments
- have bachelor-specific events
- should be group effort between department and SC
- have SC representatives show up to ____
- have German and English in correspondence to students

## First-Semester WhatsApp Group

- ma: talked to Diana, will keep us posted

## Eurovision Event

- host at coli
- jw: write to D to request rooms for Saturday, May 13
- db: if db is going, can bring mics to test? or next event
- jw: bring speakers
- BYOFood, chips allowed y'all, BYOBeverage

## Spelunking

- discuss more next week Monday

## Llamas

- discuss more with ya and ma


