**Title:** FSR Meeting
**type:** protocol
**Date:** 2023.06.05
**Location:** C7.4 1.12 
**Anwesend:** ma, ab, ll, ch, jw, yz
**Abwesend:** ya, db, mj, nm, rk, bp, er
**Time:** 18:00
**Author:** ab
**Tagesordnung:** FSR Meeting

# FSR Meeting

## Summer Party Feedback

### positives
- fun!! drinks in the corner good idea
- string lights + flags = yay ;)
- marshmallows liked
- lots of food
- good bachelor turnout
- bread = good amount, keep
- beer = good amount, keep
- potato wedges = good -> double it next year?

### critiques / what to do for next time
- lots of meat left over
- :: make it clear which side of Schwenker is free for all, or specific to person (people must watch their food). Divide half the grill with aluminum foil?
- :: bring skewers for marshmallows + more marshmallows
- :: add lights for the money and drinks table. yz will donate one?
- :: spacing critique: move schwenker not next to door
- :: start earlier: 6 is better for faculty/PhD students/people with kids
- :: have a plan for closing/cleanup ahead of time -> helps with volunteers and delegating
- :: plan to finish the party before last bus is called 🙏
- :: buy less non-alcoholic beer

## Open Mic Night

- move to Friday, 7 pm June 23rd
- ab: send email to Diana about rooms
- ab: poster
- this week, send reminder email of events, include announcement for this
- need laptop to run setup
- mj can you make it?
- provide drinks: leftover from summer party, maybe buy more?

## July Event - chill

- picnic outside of building
- potentially alpaca event
- potentially spelunking

## Spelunking

- could be an unofficial event

## Alpaca Event

- we'll see about availability

## Goodbye Event

- potentially last week of July
- focus on people graduating/leaving
- faux grad walk
- cheesy photoshoots
- mock ceremony
- ask fun prof to hand out faux diplomas?
- submit photos for slideshow?

