**Title:** FSR Meeting
**type:** protocol
**Date:** 2022.10.27.
**Location:** Discord
**Anwesend:** ch, ma, db, as, nm, sb (guest)
**Abwesend:** everyone else
**Time:** 18:00
**Author:** nm, db, ch et al.
**Tagesordnung:** FSR Meeting
# FSR Meeting

This is an open meeting.

## Lehrbesprechung

- We have to choose a seminar to become a software project.
    - **BERT and friends [...]**: voted
    - Machine Learning for NLP and Beyond: not voted
- Forschungsfreisemester for Koller, Teich, Crocker and Möbius
    - Were not able to review it in the amount of time provided
    - Will tentatively allow it, will be under review for next meeting
- Issue with Python programming course
    - current ruling: prefer people who would actually learn
    - Our proposals:
        - Maybe make it a foundations course?
        - Hybrid? Online?
        - Split the programming course BA's from MA's?
        - Use a bigger lecture hall?
- problems with seminars only restricting to 15 students
    - No notice provided from faculty, some students are very upset
    - Trying to fix schedules
- When should registration for seminars begin each semester?
    - jm: at least 2 weeks before lectures begin
    - problems: students with mail problems, to be fixed

## Elections

- There are some applicants.
    - Yusser
    - Lucas
    - Jack
    - Allison
    - Yulia(?)
    - Aria(?)
- mail by nm
- talk about open meetings

## Breakfast

- costs: 193€
- income: 145€
- hope to get difference from Friends of LST
- organisation for next time with roles pls
- Cook and host in same building **!**
- legacy: Glühwein and waffles, once per semester 

## Next Gamesnight

- our gamesnight was at the same time as the CS gamenight
    - idea: coordinate our gamenights with theirs / do it with them together
    - they have a lot of space
    - CS does their gamenight every other month
        - We could go for every other month they do not occupy

## Student Council Website
- Different topic, Chris will work on it later
- SC photo

## Tutorial for Coli Servers
- Really bad documentation is up
    - issues with nodes
- Make it easier to understand
    - 

## Misc

- Next Thater meeting (see [Lehrbesprechung](#Lehrbesprechung))
    - when?
    - mail by as or bp
- next meeting (open meetings)
    - next week
    - next Wednesday?
    - poll (nm)
