**Title:** FSR Meeting
**type:** protocol
**Date:** 2022.05.07. TIMING: 18:00-18:45
**Location:** C7.4 1.12 
**Anwesend:** as, ch, ma, li, nm, (ab)
**Abwesend:** ls, bp
**Time:** 18:00
**Author:** ma
**Tagesordnung:** FSR Meeting
# FSR Meeting

## Summer Party Debriefing
- Positives:
    - Shopping went really good
    - Weather-response was great
        - Cleaning up and carying stuff inside worked good
    - Cocktails tasted great
    - Welcome-Table was a good idea
        - Incentive: "When you bring food there will be a free drink" or something
    - Put cups of snacks on the tables from the beginning

- Room for improvements
    - 4 people cleaning up + 2 non-student council people at the beginning
    - Many people have classes on Friday morning
        - People who sign up might want to have some more coordination
        - Get dates/times fixed before we ask for shifts
            - Contact AStA earlier
            - One people should be responsible for coordinate non-SC-helpers
                - Incentives for non-sc members
        - Have different people responsible for different domains
    - Very few faculty-people showed up
        - Can we do something?
            - Ask some faculty members directly
            - Advertise before in lectures
                - Remember: Multiple buildings!
    - Buy food or not?
        - Maybe ask faculty members to get another fridge
        - Buy a little bit of food next time
    - Only had "pile of chips" on the table
        - Table of "who brings what?"
            - "Name" - "I bring X"
    - For reusable cups:
        - Sealable bag and have someone with a dishwasher (Chris) take them home
        - Plastic box with lid
        - Also get reusable plates?
            - Saves waste and money!


## Schwenker back to Saurer
- Bring back some time in August
- Finances need to be done after Schwenker is removed, because stuff is in the way


## Finances
- Shirt fund
    - Too many T-Shirts
    - We don't know how long we can keep t-shirt tab open
        - When do we need to pay?
        - Does someone need to help paying? Who?
    - Advertise stronger with Bachelor-Students
    - During this semester or next semester?
    - Ask faculty officially (teachers, researchers, etc.)
        - Chris will talk to MÃ¶bius
        - Marc will ask Thater
        - Anna will speak to Alumni
- Alumni need receipt for money they donated

## FSR room clean-up
- Room needs to be cleaned
    - Check inventory of drinks and stuff before next event
    - Chris, Anna and Marc will definitely be in SB over the summer