**Title:** FSR Meeting
**type:** protocol
**Date:** 2022.06.07. TIMING: 18:00-18:45
**Location:** C7.4 1.12 
**Anwesend:** ma, ch, nm, as
**Abwesend:** bp, jm, ls, li
**Time:** 18:00
**Author:** ma
**Tagesordnung:** FSR Meeting
# FSR Meeting


```
## SS calendar - draft plan - Anna - 20 min
* Anna: Share the draft plan for the rest of SS
* All: 
    1) discuss 
    2) agree & pin in the calendar 
    3) assign responsible FSR members
```

## SS Summer party - draft role sort & responsibilities - Larisa - 20 min
**Date**: June 30 *LCT students not available on June 23 (convention abroad)

1. Inform the department (Thater, Diana). Responsible: Ben
2. **PREPARING THE VENUE**
    - **ASta**: benches, tables, Schwenker. Who asks: David, this week 
            - Ask if this was done?
        - Get benches and stuff on Wednesday (June 29) if possible
        - Who is in charge of bringing them to the party? tbd 07/06❓
        - Who is in charge of putting items away after party? tbd 07/06❓
        - Who is in charge of returning the items the next day? tbd 07/06❓
        - Saurer's Schwenker: Marc
            - Get 2 days before, approved
    - **Grillcoal**. Who checks if we have/gets: tbd 07/06❓
        - We should have more than enough coal in the coli building /Chris
    - **Bluetooth speaker** (strong one). Who tries to find:❓
        - Jack says he has speakers we can use that are better than the ones at Eurovision, he got new ones /Chris
    - **Utentils**: paper plates, cutlery, napkins, garbage bags. Who checks/gets:tbd 07/06❓
        - paper plates (nm)
    - *Decorations (not necessary, but would be nice). Who: tbd 07/06❓ 
    - *Music playlist. Who: tbd 07/06 ❓
        - Group spotify playlist sent to the LST would be good? /Chris
- Open night part on Summer Party?
3. **LST MERCH** 
    - design. Who: Larisa 
    - pre-order google form. Who: Larisa
4. **COMMUNICATIONS**
    - Email to department (Students + Faculty). Who: Marc
        - draft email. Ideally send on Thu June 2
        - plan reminders
    - Instagram. Who:❓
        - plan comms campaign (content & dates)
9. **FOOD & BEVERAGES**
    - Food: party snacks, sausages, fruits & veggies, sauces. Who: tbd 07/06❓ 
    - Beverages: beer, alco-free, sparkling w, Coca-Cola, Sprite, Apfepschorle. Who: tbd 07/06❓
10. **EVENT SHIFTS**: (can agree closer to the event date)
    - Bring ASta stuff CoLi:
        - Chris (most likely)
        - Marc
        - ____
    - Set up the venue:
        - Chris (most likely)
        - Marc? (depending on when)
        - ____
    - Sell beer:
        - Do shifts in periods (2h shifts, 2 people each)
        - 6-8: ____
        - 8-10: ____
        - 10-12: ____
    - Sell merch:
        - ____
        - ____
    - Overlook the grill:
        - ____
        - ____
    - Clean the venue: 
        - tables, benches, refrigerator, food&bevs > inside:
            - Marc (tentatively)
            - Lea (tentatively)
        - tables, benches > back to ASta: 
        - (what times do they need them back) /Chris
            - ____
            - ____
    - Take Pfand back:
        - ____
        - ____
    - What else: 
        - Closing time for the event? Last party didn't get cleaned up until 1:30am... /Chris
        - Summarily rejected, Lea and Marc will close
            - People for "Night shift"
7. **OTHER IMPORTANT MOMENTS / IDEAS / SUGGESTIONS / CONSIDERATIONS**
    - We could make it a theme event? would add fun & stand out in memories :) >> Not for the big event
    - Think of some potential activities ie board game, volleyball, badminton 
        - Sock game
        - Kennenlern-Bingo (Anna)
        - do either, not both
    - It'd really be cool to have 1-2 polaroid cameras 😇
        - group photo at one point during the event

8. **Find old buying list in Dropbox (ma)**
9. **Google-Doc for participants**
    - Encourage people to bring their own food (& other drinks than beer)
    - Who will come?
    - Will they bring something, and if so what?
10. Flyers!
    - Ask up and stuff (ma)
- Food
    - People bring their own stuff, and we grill it?
    - 
## Minor Events
- Game Nights & Movie Nights
    - Movies with OmU or OV
        - Tuesdays
            - 14.06 Human Nature OmU - Larisa, Chris
            - 21.06 The Green Knight OmU - Chris
            - 28.06 Everything will Change OV - Chris
            - 05.07 Spider Man No Way Home OV - Marc, Chris
            - 12.07 The Producers OmU - Chris
        - Send one google form for all movies at once
            - Doodle (ma) Send out on 02.06 Discord/WhatsApps/email
        - Thursdays
            - 16.06 Game night at CoLi - Nathan
            - Potentially Coli Building movie/game nights
- Stammtisch:
    - Zing, or Staden in summer

## Misc
Eventually, we need to discuss:
- Website - how can we help Chris
    - Tentatively on hold until Summer Party is complete
- Onboarding for the next semester (WS22-23)
- I've been helping them as much as I can, the non-student related items may be a bit too much for us to comprehensively help with /Chris
    - onboarding week
    - onboarding materials ie uni webmail, MS Teams, LSF, LMS, immatriculation, campus plan, insurance, mobile services, bank accounts (*we don't have to, but it would be extremely helpful for newcomers...)
- Event plan > event calendar for the next semester
    - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_TFmqSVAGypGbhL42ETt2vEU09BOLiNDniLc3dtkQUg/edit#gid=0
    - Depending on success of movie night stuff, regular Tues Movie Nights either through Unifilm or in Coli Building may be good
    - Monthly/Biweekly hikes and game nights may be good ideas
    - How many big events a semester do we want to do?
        - I think 2-3 would be good (beginning or 1/4 into the semester, 1/3 or 1/2 into semester, and 2/3 or 3/4 into the semester)
- Computational linguistics convention NOVEMBER - long term planning
- Hikes: tbd end of June