**Title:** FSR Meeting
**type:** protocol
**Date:** 2022.14.06. TIMING: 18:00-18:45
**Location:** C7.4 1.12 
**Anwesend:** as, ch, ls, ma, nm
**Abwesend:** 
**Time:** 18:00
**Author:** ma
**Tagesordnung:** FSR Meeting
# FSR Meeting

## Report Study-Room meeting (Anna)

## SS Summer party - draft role sort & responsibilities - Larisa - 20 min
**Date**: June 30 *LCT students not available on June 23 (convention abroad)


2. **PREPARING THE VENUE**
    - **ASta**: benches, tables, Schwenker. Who asks: David, this week 
            - Ask if this was done?
        - Get benches and stuff on Wednesday (June 29) if possible
        - Who is in charge of bringing them to the party? tbd 07/06❓
        - Who is in charge of returning the items the next day? tbd 07/06❓
        - Saurer's Schwenker: Marc
            - Get 2 days before, approved
    - **Grillcoal**. Who checks if we have/gets: tbd 07/06❓
        - We should have more than enough coal in the coli building /Chris
    - **Bluetooth speaker** (strong one). Who tries to find:❓
        - Jack says he has speakers we can use that are better than the ones at Eurovision, he got new ones /Chris
    - **Utentils**: paper plates, cutlery, napkins, garbage bags. Who checks/gets:tbd 07/06❓
        - paper plates (nm)
        - plastic cuttlery/napkins (nm)
    - *Decorations (not necessary, but would be nice). Who: tbd 07/06❓ 
    - *Music playlist. Who: tbd 07/06 ❓
        - Group spotify playlist sent to the LST would be good? /Chris
- Open night part on Summer Party?
3. **LST MERCH** 
    - design. Who: Larisa 
    - pre-order google form. Who: Larisa
4. **COMMUNICATIONS**
    - Email to department (Students + Faculty). Who: Marc
        - draft email. Ideally send on Thu June 2
        - plan reminders
    - Instagram. Who:❓
        - plan comms campaign (content & dates)
5. **FOOD & BEVERAGES**
    - Food: party snacks, sausages, fruits & veggies, sauces. Who: tbd 07/06❓ 
    - Beverages: beer, alco-free, sparkling w, Coca-Cola, Sprite, Apfepschorle. Who: tbd 07/06❓
6. **EVENT SHIFTS**: (can agree closer to the event date)
    - Bring ASta stuff CoLi:
        - Chris (most likely)
        - Marc
        - ____
    - bring Saurer's grill: Marc
    - Set up the venue:
        - Start at 4pm
        - Chris (most likely)
        - Marc? (depending on when)
        - ____
    - Sell beer: --> external document
    - Sell merch:
        - ____
        - ____
    - Overlook the grill:
        - ____
        - ____
    - Clean the venue: 
        - tables, benches, refrigerator, food&bevs > inside:
            - Marc (tentatively)
            - Lea (tentatively)
            - Anna
            - Volunteers
        - Start bringing benches relatively early
        - tables, benches > back to ASta: 
        - (what times do they need them back) /Chris
            - ____
            - ____
    - Take Pfand back:
        - ____
        - ____
    - What else: 
        - Closing time for the event? Last party didn't get cleaned up until 1:30am... /Chris
        - Summarily rejected, Lea and Marc will close
            - People for "Night shift"
7. **OTHER IMPORTANT MOMENTS / IDEAS / SUGGESTIONS / CONSIDERATIONS**
    - We could make it a theme event? would add fun & stand out in memories :) >> Not for the big event
    - Think of some potential activities ie board game, volleyball, badminton 
        - Sock game
    - It'd really be cool to have 1-2 polaroid cameras 😇
        - group photo at one point during the event

8. **Find old buying list in Dropbox (ma)**
9. **Google-Doc for participants**
    - Encourage people to bring their own food (& other drinks than beer)
    - Who will come?
    - Will they bring something, and if so what?
10. Flyers!
    - Ask up and stuff (ma)
- Food
    - People bring their own stuff, and we grill it?
    
- Printing posters
- Alumni-money
- Contacting Saurer(Done) and AStA
    - Taking the stuff
    - Ask David for the time when we can get the stuff from AStA
- Create shift list (Marc)
- Buying List (Marc)

## Minor Events
 - Games Night
     - Jenny can talk to HIZ so we can all enter the building
     - Jenny can also bring 2 games
     - Snacks/Drinks
         - Softdrinks are there, Nathan brings snacks
     - Usually donation box
 - Some time maybe a Pen and paper games night by Chris
 - Hikes

## Merch
 - Party on 30th
 - We don't know about timeline
 - Approximate price by tomorrow/tonight
 - Logistics: Order and they get sent 

## Misc
