
- Faculty party discussion - good/bad etc
	- Jack: Show and tell about holiday traditions. Quizz. More of a networking event.
	- General Consensus: different setting
	- Chris: Asking for donations. Optional, bring food or pay?
	- About money:
		- David: We can't have money for legal issues. Only relevant when talking to AstA. Talk to Urs about how to use Friends of LsT. Not allowed to require money. This is university specific, politics. 
		* Jack: Make a donation call during parties
		* Anna: Paying people for their food

- Student party discussion - good/bad etc
	- Closing crew should be for closing
	- Chris: Buy cleaning products?
	- Ask for help from students, maybe form
	- Anna: 24,37euro + 1 Â£ from the party
	- Bad: 
		- Closing management;
		- No key acces (Remember: Google Form)
		- Pfand management;
		- Wagon/Dolly;
		- Cleaning products: dustpan, moplike thing;
		- Anna suggests more physical comms
	- Good:
		- Jack: Decorations, music great, turnout, food, different rooms with different moods.
		- Lucas: A kareoke event would be good

- Roles:
	- David/Nathan/Marc -> Accounting maybe;
	- Marketing/Comms ->
	- Flex ->
	- Give out roles soon (double check which ones first)
    - Will be filled out later


* David:  Keep event specifics comms/ groupchats
* BP:  Create different groupchats for events and dissolve them afterwards
* CH: Add everyone and remove yourself afterwards

- Website
	- Nathan tantatively at first;
	- Workshop new onboarding for new students

- Server guide by Sussie
	- New guide throught whatsapp or website

- Clothes Swap - needs/prep
	- Mirror is here

- ABC - needs/prep/secret santa
	- JW: Room is still available, everything set up;
	- bring drinks over from SC room to Jack's

- January Week 1 and 2 plans
	- First meeting on the 10th jan
	- Movie night, wugflix and chill. Tentatively on the 19th

